ENH: expose name column length parameter to users in inifix-format (#73)
neutrinoceros/inifix: README.md

```shell
$ inifix-format pluto.ini > pluto-formatted.ini
```

#### Options

* Use the `-i/--inplace` flag to write back to the source file.
Note that comments are preserved in all cases.

> * Use the `--column-length` flag to specify the length of the first column (including right padding). Be aware that if the specified value is less or equal than the length of the longtest parameter name, inifix will revert to default behaviour.

Reviewer: How about naming it `--name-column-size` ?

Reviewer: @vdbma this has fallen behind

* Use the `-i/--inplace` flag to write back to the source file.
Note that comments are preserved in all cases.

> * Use the `--name-column-size` flag to specify the length of the first column (including right padding). Be aware that inifix will not align with names longer than the specified length.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `--name-column-size <n>` to specify the length of the first column (including right padding).
Names longer this value will not be aligned, but whitespace separating them from values will be minimised.
```
